Here's how to add a letter yourself. There are two ways, and both end with the letter on the website.

Way 1: with the .bat files

1. Write the letter as a text file

Open Notepad and paste your letter.
The first line is the date, written like Friday 18/09/2026 (day name, then day/month/year).
A blank line between paragraphs starts a new page.
Emoji, curly apostrophes and … are all fine; the tool sorts them out.

2. Save it in the letters folder with the next number

HeartBoundV2\letters\letter7.txt. The next one is 7, then 8, and so on.
The name must be exactly letter plus the number, with no spaces.

3. Double-click ADD-LETTER.bat

It lists every letter and ends with "ALL DONE."
If it says something needs fixing, read the message, fix the file and run it again.

4. Check it (optional)

Double-click heartbound.html and read the letter through in the game.

5. Double-click PUBLISH.bat

It lists the files about to go online, which should be your letter plus a few game files.
Type yes and press Enter.
When it says "PUBLISHED.", wait about a minute, then open the website and pull down to refresh.
Way 2: with the drop page
Double-click DROP-LETTER.bat. The game opens in your browser; leave the black window open.
Press Ctrl + Alt + B, then click the ADD A LETTER button.
Drop your .txt file in, or paste the letter, with the date on the first line as above.
Check the preview, then press ADD TO THE GAME. Press it only once.
Press PUBLISH.
Close the black window when you're done.
If something goes wrong
"could not be sent to the website": the letter is saved on your computer but didn't reach GitHub, usually because of the internet. Don't run PUBLISH.bat again: in your version it will say "nothing has changed" and still not send it. Instead, open a terminal in the HeartBoundV2 folder, once the internet is back, and run:
git push
"the letters are not in step": run ADD-LETTER.bat again, then PUBLISH.bat.
The website still shows the old letters: your phone or browser is showing an old copy. Pull down to refresh, or wait a few minutes.